	This program has been designed to teach people to touch-type. Touch-typing is 
	a skill that can be learnt with practice and perseverance. Touch-typing is a 
	method of typing which uses 8 fingers and one thumb.Touchtypists do not have 
	to look at the keyboard to find the keys they want to type.

	Homekeys

	Each finger has its own resting place. These resting keys are called the 
	homekeys. The homekeys have a blue outline in this program.

	For example, in the standard U.S-English keyboard layout, The four fingers of 
	the left hand rest on the keys 'A','S','D','F' ie. small finger on 'A', ring 
	finger on 'S', middle finger on 'D' and index finger on 'F'. The right hand 
	fingers rest on the keys 'J','K','L',';' ie index finger on 'J', middle finger 
	on 'K', ring finger on 'L', and small finger on ';'. The homekeys can usually 
	be located easily on a keyboard because the left and right index fingers' 
	homekeys have a small bump on them.

	In touch-typing, each key is always pressed by the same finger, in other 
	words, each finger only presses certain keys. Make sure that after pressing a 
	key, you return that finger to its resting place, that is, its homekey. The 
	reason that this is important is because in touch-typing you learn the 
	relative position of keys. That is, you learn where a key is based on a 
	movement from a certain homekey.

	Capital Letters.

	Shift must be held down while the key you wish to capitalize is pressed. The 
	left shift key is pressed by the left hand's small finger, and the right shift 
	key is pressed by the right hand's small finger.

	Accuracy

	Accuracy is vital when learning to type. Try to make as few mistakes as 
	possible. Try to keep your accuracy rate above 95%. If you make a mistake, you 
	can use backspace (the big key near the top right hand side of the keyboard, 
	before the numeric keypad) to correct it. Backspace is pressed with the small 
	or ring finger of the right hand. Speed will come with practice and after a 
	while you will know where the keys are.

	Lessons

	I recommend that you do each lesson several times before moving onto the next 
	one. The lessons build on to one another so it is important to be comfortable 
	with all the keys in a lesson before moving onto the next lesson.


	Caps Lock

	Before you start the lessons, make sure that caps lock is off.

	Pep Talk

	When learning to touchtype, it is important to persevere. At first, 
	touchtyping will be slower than using two fingers and looking at the keyboard. 
	However, after a while, touchtyping will be much faster and easier. If you 
	never learn the positions of the keys, you will probably still be looking at 
	the keyboard for a long time (unless you really type a lot).

                       Let the practice begin